DitchCarbon Ltd

Company Number 13487671

167-169 Great Portland Street , London, W1W 5PF, United Kingdom

This agreement is dated 23 October 2025

To: Varun Moka

Stromstrasse , 36, Berlin, 10551, Germany

Consultancy Agreement

Dear Varun,

This letter (the "Agreement") records our agreement with you in relation to consultancy services to be 
provided by you to DitchCarbon Ltd (“

DitchCarbon

Company

”, the “

”).

Please counter-sign at the end of this letter.

1

DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement unless the context requires otherwise:

“
Approved Expenses
prior approval described in Schedule One.

” means the expenses which the Consultant is permitted to claim without 

“

Business Property

” means:

(a)

(b)

all Materials (whatever format and wherever located), including copies, relating to the 
business, customers, products, finances or affairs of the Company provided to or 
produced, maintained or stored by the Consultant in connection with the Project and/or 
delivery of the Services (excluding the Consultant's own records necessary for legal and 
accounting compliance); and

all Equipment provided to the Consultant by or on behalf of the Company, and any 
Equipment produced by the Consultant, including prototypes, in connection with the 
Project and/or delivery of the Services.

1

“
Confidential Information
and wherever located), including copies, whether created before or after the date of this 
Agreement and whether marked "confidential" or not, including the Business Property and any 
Invention.

” means all information of a confidential nature (in whatever format 

“

Consultant

” means Varun Moka of Stromstrasse , 36, Berlin, 10551, Germany.

” means any and all works created by or on behalf of the Consultant in 

“
Created Works
connection with the Project and/or delivery of the Services including any created Business 
Property (in all cases including source code).

“
Equipment
keys, machinery, software and tools.

” means any equipment including access passes, consumables, devices, hardware, 

“

Fees

” means the fees for the Services described in Schedule One.

” means all intellectual property rights, whether registered or not, 

“
Intellectual Property Rights
including pending applications for registration or extension of such rights, including rights to 
inventions, copyright and related rights, moral rights, patent rights, trade marks, trade names, 
goodwill and the right to sue for passing off, design right, rights in or to databases, rights to have 
information kept confidential, rights in or relating to confidential information, rights in relation to 
domain names and trade names, and all other industrial, commercial or intellectual property 
rights (whether registered or unregistered) throughout the world and all similar or equivalent 
rights or forms of protection which exist now or may exist in the future.

” means any invention, idea, discovery and improvements, whether or not patentable 

“
Invention
or registrable, and whether or not recorded in any medium made by the Consultant in 
connection with the Project or the provision of the Services.

” means any materials including artwork, books, correspondence, databases, designs, 

“
Materials
diagrams, documents, information, manuals, papers, pitches, plans, records, reports, research, 
software and specifications.

“
Moral Rights
and the right against false attribution.

” means any moral rights including the right to be identified, the right of integrity 

“

Project

” means the project described in Schedule One.

Services
“
in Schedule One.

” means the services of the Consultant to deliver the Project, including those described 

The interpretation of general words will not be restricted by words indicating a particular class or 
particular examples.

2

PERIOD OF SERVICES

The Consultant will provide the Services to the Company from 27 October 2025 unless and until 
terminated by either the Consultant or the Company giving the other not less than 14 days notice 
or otherwise terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

3

DUTIES WHEN PROVIDING SERVICES

The Consultant will provide the Services in accordance with this Agreement and will:

(a)

apply such time, attention, resources and skill as may be necessary for the due and proper 
performance of the Services to the standard to be expected of an expert supplier of 
services similar to the Services;

(b)

ensure that, when providing the Services, the Consultant does not interfere with the 

2

(c)

(d)

(e)

activities of the Company, its employees, agents, suppliers or customers except as 
reasonably necessary to carry out the Services;

ensure that all written Materials given by the Consultant to the Company are or were 
accurate when given, and remain accurate and comprehensive in all material respects;

act in the Company's best interests and avoid conflicts of interest and promptly notify the 
Company of any conflict of interest which arises; and

comply with all applicable laws and Company policies and procedures from time to time 
insofar as they are relevant to the Services, including all relevant security and code of 
conduct policies.

Unless they have been specifically authorised to do so by a director of the Company in writing, 
the Consultant will not have any authority to incur any expenditure in the name of or for the 
account of the Company nor hold themselves out as having authority to bind the Company.

With prior written approval by a director of the Company, the Consultant may appoint a suitably 
qualified substitute to perform the Services on the Consultant's behalf (“
case, before performing any part of the Services, the Substitute must enter into direct 
undertakings with the Company, including with regard to confidentiality and intellectual property 
rights. All the duties and obligations on the Consultant will apply to the Substitute, and the 
Consultant will continue to be subject to all duties and obligations under this Agreement for the 
duration of the appointment of the Substitute. The Company will continue to pay the Consultant 
as set out in section 4 below and the Consultant will be responsible for all payments to the 
Substitute.

”), in which 

Substitute

If the Consultant is unable to provide the Services due to illness or injury, the Consultant must 
advise the Company as soon as reasonably practicable, and the Company is entitled to adjust the 
Fees payable under section 4 to take account of any period the Consultant or Substitute is unable 
to provide the Services.

4

FEES AND EXPENSES

Provided that the Services are performed in accordance with this Agreement, the Company will 
pay the Consultant the Fees and Approved Expenses.

The Consultant will submit an invoice with all information necessary to evidence that the Services 
have been provided in accordance with this Agreement and the corresponding amount payable 
(plus VAT, if applicable).

The Company will pay each valid invoice submitted by the Consultant within 7 days of receipt.

The Company will reimburse the Approved Expenses subject to production of receipts or other 
appropriate evidence of payment.

The Company will also reimburse all other reasonable expenses properly and necessarily 
incurred by the Consultant in the course of the Services, subject to production of receipts or 
other appropriate evidence of payment and compliance with the Company's expenses policy 
(including any applicable prior approval rules).

Payment in full or in part of the Fees (or any other sums) claimed under section 4 will be without 
prejudice to any claims or rights of the Company against the Consultant in respect of the 
provision of the Services.

5

OTHER ACTIVITIES

3

Nothing in this Agreement will prevent the Consultant from being engaged, concerned or having 
any financial interest in any capacity in any other business, trade, profession or occupation 
during the period of the Services provided that:

(a)

(b)

such activity does not cause a breach of any of the Consultant's obligations under this 
Agreement;

The Consultant will not engage in any such activity if it relates to a business which is similar 
to or in any way competitive with the business of the Company in connection with services 
connected to a project similar to the Project without the prior written consent of a director 
of the Company.

6

ASSIGNMENT AND INVENTIONS

All Intellectual Property Rights in the Created Works and the Inventions will vest in the Company 
upon payment of the associated invoice and all right, title and interest to the Created Works and 
the Inventions and Intellectual Property Rights therein anywhere in the world will be the property 
of the Company.

The Consultant hereby absolutely and with full title guarantee assigns to the Company, by way of 
present assignment of present and future rights, title and interest, all Intellectual Property Rights 
in and to any and all Created Works and Inventions (“

Assigned Rights

”).

This assignment includes the right to bring and defend any claim or cause of action arising from 
ownership of any of the Assigned Rights whether occurring before, on, or after the date of this 
Agreement. Insofar as they do not vest automatically by operation of law or under this 
assignment, the Consultant holds legal title in these Intellectual Property Rights, Created Works 
and Inventions on trust for the Company.

To the extent that any future Assigned Rights can be assigned under this section they are so 
assigned. To the extent that they cannot by operation of law be so assigned, the Consultant 
agrees to assign them to the Company on their coming into existence.

The Consultant will notify the Company in writing of all Inventions promptly on their creation.

The Consultant will whenever requested to do so by the Company and in any event on the 
termination of this Agreement, promptly deliver to the Company all Equipment and Materials 
recording or relating to any part of the Created Works and the process of their creation which are 
in their possession, custody or power (excluding Equipment and Materials used by the 
Consultant in the ordinary course of their business).

The Consultant will not register or attempt to register any of the Intellectual Property Rights in 
the Created Works, nor any of the Inventions, unless requested to do so in writing by a director of 
the Company.

The Consultant agrees at the Company's cost to do all things which are necessary or desirable for 
the Company to obtain for itself or its nominees the full benefit of this assignment, including to 
cooperate fully in any action by the Company to enforce its rights against a third party, including, 
at the Company’s reasonable request, to take action against the third party.

7

NON-INFRINGEMENT

The Consultant represents, warrants and undertakes that:

(a)

only the Consultant will undertake the services to create any Created Works (and if anyone 
else does, the Consultant will obtain equivalent assignment(s) to this Agreement);

(b)

none of the Created Works will copy wholly or substantially from any other work or 

4

(c)

(d)

(e)

material and the use or exploitation of the Created Works will not in any way violate or 
infringe any rights of any third party;

where any Created Works contain licensed Equipment or Materials, such licenses will be 
either (i) on an open-source basis or (ii) on a world-wide, perpetual, irrevocable and royalty-
free basis, and in each case will allow the Company to use and commercialise any Created 
Works on an uninhibited and world-wide commercial basis;

there are no claims (actual or threatened) that the Created Works or any part of them 
infringe the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; and

The Consultant is the sole owner of the Assigned Rights, free of any encumbrances 
including any security interest, equity, claim, restriction, reservation, conflicting claim of 
ownership or any other encumbrance of any nature whatsoever (whether or not 
perfected) and is entitled to enter into this Agreement and has not previously assigned any 
of the Assigned Rights or granted any licence to any of the Assigned Rights to any third 
party or given any permission to any third party to use any of the Assigned Rights or 
otherwise has no obligations to any third parties which are inconsistent with the rights and 
obligations set out in this Agreement and the Consultant is unaware of any use by any 
third party of the Created Works.

8

MORAL RIGHTS

The Consultant waives absolutely and irrevocably any Moral Rights in any of the Assigned Rights.

9

CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION AND BUSINESS PROPERTY

All Business Property remains the property of the Company.

The Consultant will not (except in the proper course of their duties), either during term of this 
Agreement or at any time afterwards, use or disclose to any third party (and will use their best 
endeavours to prevent the publication and disclosure of) any Confidential Information. This 
restriction does not apply to:

(a)

(b)

any use or disclosure authorised by the Company or as required by law; or

any information which is already in, or comes into, the public domain otherwise than 
through the Consultant's unauthorised disclosure.

The Consultant will promptly on request return to the Company all and any Business Property in 
their possession and/or control.

10

DATA PROTECTION

10.1 Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “

Special Category 
” will have the meanings given to them in the United Kingdom General Data 

Personal Data
Protection Regulation, the Data Protection Act 2018 and any similar, analogous or 
replacement legislation.

Personal Data

” and “

10.2 Personal Data and Special Category Personal Data relating to you (including sensitive 

personal data such as medical details and details of gender, race and ethnic origin) may, to 
the extent that it is reasonably necessary, in connection with your service or the business 
of the Company:

(a)

be collected, stored or held (in hard copy and computer readable form) and/or 
processed by the Company; and

(b)

be disclosed or transferred to:

5

(i)

employees or workers of the Company or any other group company and 
their employees or workers;

(ii)

insurers, bankers, professional advisers such as lawyers and accountants;

(iii)

any potential buyer, investor or lender of the Company;

(iv)

(v)

any other persons as may be reasonably necessary or as authorised by the 
Company; and

as otherwise required or permitted by law, as set out in, and for the purposes 
set out in, the Company's privacy policy.

10.3 The Company may process your Personal Data and Special Category Personal Data for a 

number of legitimate business purposes, including but not limited to:

(a)

(b)

(c)

(d)

administering and maintaining personnel and/or supplier records;

due diligence pertaining to acquisition, merger, and equity and debt financing of the 
Company;

providing information to governmental and quasi-governmental bodies; and

enabling equal opportunity monitoring and compliance.

10.4 With regard to the transfers referred to in clause 10.2 above, this may involve transfer of 
such data both within and outside the United Kingdom, and in all cases the Company will 
take reasonable steps to ensure that your Personal Data and Special Category Personal 
Data continues to be adequately protected.

10.5 You will comply with the Company’s data protection policy when processing personal data 
relating to any employee, worker, customer, client, supplier or agent of the Company.

10.6 Each Party will, at its own expense, ensure that it complies with and where necessary 

assists the other party to comply with the requirements of all legislation and regulatory 
requirements in force from time to time relating to the use of personal data, including 
(without limitation) (i) any data protection legislation from time to time in force in the UK 
including the Data Protection Act 2018 and any successor legislation; and (ii) for so long as 
and to the extent that the law of the EU has legal effect in the UK, the General Data 
Protection Regulation ((EU) 2016/679) and any other directly applicable EU regulation 
relating to privacy. This clause is in addition to, and does not reduce, remove or replace, a 
party's obligations arising from such requirements.

10.7 The Parties will enter into a separate data sharing or processing agreement if required to 

do so under the relevant data protection legislation in relation to the data processed or 
shared during the term of this agreement.

11

TERMINATION

Notwithstanding section 2, the Company may terminate this Agreement with immediate effect 
without notice and without any liability to make any further payment to the Consultant (other 
than in respect of amounts accrued before the termination date) if at any time:

(a)

(b)

The Consultant commits any gross misconduct affecting the business of the Company;

The Consultant commits any serious or repeated breach or non-observance of any of the 
provisions of this Agreement or refuses or neglects to comply with any reasonable and 

6

lawful directions of the Company;

(c)

(d)

(e)

(f)

The Consultant is convicted of any criminal offence (other than an offence under any road 
traffic legislation in the United Kingdom or elsewhere for which a fine or non-custodial 
penalty is imposed);

The Consultant is, in the reasonable opinion of the Company, negligent or incompetent in 
the performance of the Services;

The Consultant makes any arrangement with or for the benefit of their creditors or is 
declared bankrupt or has a county court administration order made against them under 
the County Court Act 1984;

The Consultant commits any fraud or dishonesty or acts in any manner which in the 
reasonable opinion of the Company brings or is likely to bring the Consultant or the 
Company into disrepute or is materially adverse to the interests of the Company; or

(g)

The Consultant commits a serious breach of the policies and procedures of the Company.

The rights of the Company under this section 11 are without prejudice to any other rights that it 
might have at law.

12

OBLIGATIONS ON TERMINATION

The Consultant will immediately return any Business Property.

The Consultant will irretrievably delete any information relating to the business of the Company 
stored on any magnetic or optical disk or memory, and all matter derived from such sources 
which is in the Consultant's possession or under the Consultant's control outside the premises or 
computer systems of the Company.

Upon completion, the Consultant will provide a signed statement that they have complied fully 
with their obligations under this section 12.

If reasonably requested by the Company within 30 days following the termination of this 
Agreement for whatever reason, the Consultant will at their cost

(a)

(b)

provide all reasonable assistance to the Company to ensure an orderly handover of the 
Services to a successor contractor or employee; and

ensure that the handover is carried out with the minimum inconvenience and disruption 
to the Company and its business.

13

POST-TERMINATION RESTRICTION

By countersignature of this Agreement and in consideration for the payment you receive under 
the terms of this Agreement, you agree that, in order to protect the confidential information, 
trade secrets and business connections of the Company to which you have access as a result of 
your appointment, you will not (without the previous consent in writing of the Company), during 
the term of this Agreement and for the period of 6 months immediately after the termination of 
this Agreement, whether as principal or agent and whether alone or jointly with any other 
person, or as a director, manager, partner, shareholder, employee or consultant of, carry on or 
be engaged, concerned or interested in any business which is (or intends to be) in competition 
with any business being carried on by the Company.

14

STATUS

7

The Consultant will be an independent contractor and nothing in this Agreement will render the 
Consultant an employee, worker, agent or partner of the Company and the Consultant will not 
hold themselves out as such.

The Consultant confirms that they will be personally fully responsible for

(a)

(b)

any taxation whatsoever arising from or made in connection with the performance of the 
Services, where such recovery is not prohibited by law; and

any employment-related claim or any claim based on worker status (including reasonable 
costs and expenses) brought by the Consultant or any Substitute against the Company 
arising out of or in connection with the provision of the Services, except where such claim 
is as a result of any act or omission of the Company.

15

NOTICES

(a)

Any notice or other communication given to a party under or in connection with this 
Agreement will be in writing and will be delivered by hand or sent by email to the other 
party’s email address as notified from time to time.

(b)

Any notice or communication will be deemed to have been received:

(i)

(ii)

if delivered personally, at the time of delivery;

if sent by email, 1 hour after the time sent unless the sender received an automated 
message that the email has not been delivered.

(c)

This clause does not apply to the service of any proceedings or other documents in any 
legal action or, where applicable, any arbitration or other method of dispute resolution.

16

ENTIRE AGREEMENT AND PRE-CONTRACTUAL STATEMENTS

This Agreement is the entire agreement between the Consultant and the Company relating to the 
Services and each agrees that:

(a)

(b)

(c)

(unless specifically stated otherwise) they supersede any previous agreement or 
understanding relating to them;

in entering into this Agreement neither the Consultant nor the Company has relied on any 
pre-contractual statement; and

the only remedy available to it/them or arising out of or in connection with any pre-
contractual statement will be for breach of contract.

Nothing in this Agreement will, however, operate to limit or exclude any liability for fraud.

17

THIRD PARTY RIGHTS

Except as expressly provided elsewhere in this Agreement, a person who is not a party to this 
Agreement will not have any rights under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of this Agreement.

The rights of the parties to terminate, rescind or agree any variation, waiver or settlement under 
this Agreement are not subject to the consent of any other person.

18

GENERAL

8

This Agreement may only be varied by a document signed by both the Consultant and the 
Company (or their authorised representatives).

No failure or delay by the Consultant and the Company to exercise any right or remedy, or any 
partial exercise of any right or remedy, under this Agreement will waive that or any other right or 
remedy.

This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts.

The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement will be governed by and construed 
in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and each of the Consultant and the Company 
irrevocably agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales over 
any claim, dispute or matter arising under or in connection with this Agreement.

19

ADDITIONAL ITEMS

Note:
- The salary here is quoted in GBP due to restrictions in the Seed Legals platform, but the 
agreement is for a monthly payment at the rate of 40k euro annually. Payment will be made in 
euros unless otherwise agreed.
- Work expectations are 40 hours per week.

9

SCHEDULE ONE
SERVICES & PAYMENT

Start Date

27 October 2025

Term

Project

Services

From 27 October 2025 until terminated by 14 days notice or otherwise in 
accordance with the Agreement.

Supporting the customer base of Ditch Carbon, a Scope 3 data and 
analytics platform dedicated to helping enterprises accelerate their Scope 
3 emissions reduction. 

The Consultant will provide the following services to the Company in 
connection with the Project:

Support service to help customers and prospects use the DitchCarbon 
platform, including preparing deliverables and guiding their use of the 
platform

Fee

£2,897 per month excluding any applicable VAT

Approved Expenses

It's okay to expense a personal ChatGPT or similar subscription. Any 
expenses for travel or workplace should be requested and approved in 
advance. 

10

SIGNATURES

Please indicate your acceptance of these terms and conditions by signing below.

We agree to the above.

Marc Munier
for and on behalf of DitchCarbon Ltd

23 October 2025

I agree to the above.

Varun Moka

22 October 2025

SeedLegals - Consultancy Agreement - COAG-8-2022-10-08 d_K83S8S9zcB

11

