DitchCarbon Ltd

Company Number 13487671

167-169 Great Portland Street , London, W1W 5PF, United Kingdom

This agreement is dated 23 October 2025

To: Varun Moka

Stromstrasse , 36, Berlin, 10551, Germany

Non-Disclosure Agreement

1

PURPOSE

Further to our early discussions regarding the Project, we confirm that we are happy to continue 
these discussions and to disclose further information and documents related to the Project, as 
defined below, provided that we, that is DitchCarbon Ltd and Varun Moka (each a “
together “
discussed in relation to the Project confidential at all times in accordance with the terms of this 
letter (the “

”) agree to keep the Project and all information and documents disclosed or 

Agreement

Parties

Party

”).

”, 

2

DEFINITIONS

In this Agreement you will see certain references. The meaning of those references is set out 
here:

“
Confidential Information
not limited to:

” is any and all information of any kind whatsoever and includes but is 

(a)

(b)

any information of a confidential nature including trade secrets and commercially sensitive 
information relating directly or indirectly to the Project;

personal data about the founders, directors, employees and contractors of each Party; 
performance information about each Party’s business (operational, technical and 
financial); product development information (algorithms, databases, designs, plans, 

1

roadmaps, technology, prototypes and any intellectual property); strategy and operational 
information (reports, plans, targets, customers, financial and performance metrics, 
suppliers and advisors),

and in each case includes analyses, compilations, summaries, forecasts, studies or other 
documents (whether in written or electronic form) and all information and material prepared or 
generated from such information in either human or machine readable form and whether stored 
electronically or otherwise.

“

Discloser

” means the Party sharing or disclosing Confidential Information to the other Party.

“

Project

” means: Work on the Ditch Carbon platform or its related properties

“

Recipient

” means the Party receiving Confidential Information from the Discloser.

“
Representatives
subcontractors of each Party.

” means the employees, officers, agents, consultants, advisors or 

3

UNDERTAKINGS OF CONFIDENTIALITY

3.1

3.2

3.3

Following the signing of this Agreement and throughout the duration of this Agreement, 
the Recipient will keep the Confidential Information provided directly or indirectly by the 
Discloser to the Recipient before, on or after the signing of this Agreement, secret and will 
not, without the prior written consent of the Discloser, share or use any Confidential 
Information in whole or in part with any third party, directly or indirectly, except for the 
exclusive purpose of evaluating the Project and carrying out the Project should both 
Parties agree to go ahead.

The Recipient will take all steps necessary to protect the Confidential Information and keep 
it stored securely.

The Recipient may disclose the Confidential Information to its Representatives who have a 
specific need to know the Confidential Information for the Project, provided that:

(a)

(b)

they are bound by obligations of confidentiality to the Recipient; and

the Recipient will monitor the Representatives’ compliance with the confidentiality 
obligations, notify the Discloser of any breach thereof immediately upon the 
discovery of the breach, and enforce the confidentiality obligations against the 
Representatives without delay.

3.4

The Recipient agrees that it will be liable for the actions or omissions of the 
Representatives in relation to the Confidential Information as if they were the actions or 
omissions of the Recipient.

4

EXCLUSIONS

4.1

For the avoidance of doubt, Confidential Information does not include any information 
which:

(a)

(b)

the Recipient can adequately prove was already in their lawful possession and at 
their free disposal before it was disclosed by the Discloser;

was disclosed to the Recipient by a third party who (or which) by such disclosure did 
not breach any obligation of confidentiality (whether contractual or otherwise) to 
the Discloser;

(c)

was independently developed by the Recipient (with no reference to any 

2

information disclosed to it by the Discloser, whether before or after the date of this 
Agreement);

(d)

is in, or comes into, the public domain, except as a result of a breach by the 
Recipient or any Representative of any obligation of confidentiality (whether 
contractual or otherwise),

and in each case only to the extent that the Recipient provides evidence that such 
information falls within one of paragraphs (a) to (d) above to the reasonable satisfaction of 
the Discloser.

4.2

The Recipient may disclose Confidential Information if required to do so by law, or by any 
regulatory or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction, or by any court of 
competent jurisdiction. The Recipient will give the Discloser as much notice of the 
disclosure as possible and take into account any reasonable requests of the Discloser in 
relation to the timing and content of the disclosure where they are able to do so.

5

DURATION

This Agreement will come into full force from the date it is duly signed by both Parties, and will 
govern the Parties' rights and obligations relating to its subject matter with effect from the date 
when any Confidential Information was first shared by either Party with the other, and the Parties 
will continue to be bound to keep the Confidential Information secret in accordance with the 
terms of this Agreement for a period of 2 years or until released by the Discloser formally in 
writing, whichever occurs earlier.

6

RETURN OF RELEVANT INFORMATION

If negotiations in connection with the Project are unsuccessful, or upon request from the 
Discloser at any time, the Recipient will immediately return, erase or destroy all Confidential 
Information in its possession together with any derivative works which are based on or which 
may contain Confidential Information.

7

NOTICES

7.1

Any notice or other communication given to a Party under or in connection with this 
Agreement will be in writing and will be delivered by hand or sent by email to the other 
Party’s email address as notified from time to time.

7.2

Any notice or communication will be deemed to have been received:

(a)

(b)

if delivered personally, at the time of delivery;

if sent by email, 1 hour after the time sent unless the sender received an automated 
message that the email has not been delivered.

7.3

This clause does not apply to the service of any proceedings or other documents in any 
legal action or, where applicable, any arbitration or other method of dispute resolution.

8

GENERAL

8.1

Nothing in this Agreement constitutes any warranty or representation in respect of the 
Confidential Information or matters contained in it. Confidential Information is provided 
on an “

” basis.

as is

8.2 Without prejudice to any other rights and remedies either Party may have, both Parties 

3

agree that the Confidential Information is valuable and that damages may not be an 
adequate remedy for any breach of the terms set out in this Agreement. Accordingly, both 
Parties agree that either Party will be entitled without proof of special damage to the 
remedies of an injunction and other equitable relief for any actual or threatened breach by 
any Party to this Agreement.

8.3

8.4

The validity, construction and performance of this Agreement will be governed by and 
construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and each Party will submit to 
the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.

This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the Parties and supersedes and 
extinguishes all previous drafts, agreements, arrangements and understandings between 
the Parties with respect to its subject matter.

4

Please sign below to confirm your agreement to the terms of this Agreement.

We agree to the above.

Marc Munier
for and on behalf of DitchCarbon Ltd

23 October 2025

I agree to the above.

Varun Moka

22 October 2025

SeedLegals - Non-disclosure Agreement - MNDA-2-2021-11-17 d_U2whVWO8DE

5

